what's going on folks it's nike and
welcome to another NBA 2k15 news update
video and tonight we got ourselves a few
screenshots some first looks at NBA 2k15
and i gotta say they're beautiful they
are just beautiful look at Kevin Durant
and that close-up shot of his face this
is just amazing people I didn't think
that we would see such an increase in
the graphics of this game but it also
could be that this screen shot was taken
from NBA 2k15 on the pc so i'm not sure
if we're going to see the same kind of
graphics on the ps4 and xbox one but one
thing that I can say that this is
definitely looking promising and moving
on to our second screen shot of
tonight's video we got ourselves to
Miami Heat players Norris Cole Udonis
Haslem and Chris Birdman Andersen and
again look at how amazing these
screenshots are actually looking we can
see Norris Cole he has a new haircut the
same can be said about Udonis Haslem and
of course mr. Berkman Berkman as well
check out his beard isn't that crazy
folks but the one thing and one thing
that we do know about 2k is that it's
all in the details not only are the
tattoos looking absolutely spectacular
in NBA 2k15 we now have Chris Anderson
and his headband going over his ears
isn't that crazy I think it is it is
totally crazy people and last but not
least we got a screenshot from the
international teams as well and right
here we got sergio rodriguez from real
madrid of spain and one thing that you
may notice is his armpit hair this dude
actually has armpit hair and his beard I
mean look at the detail of this beard
now keep in mind this screenshot was
actually stretched out a little bit to
fit into this video but my goodness the
graphics are still looking nice and
can't wait to show you guys more as soon
as I get my hands on all new screenshots
but that is it for me make sure to let
me know your thoughts on these
screenshots in the comments below stay
classy folks cheers nike